README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Aether (Client for Abyss)

[![Plugin Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Alpha-v0.1-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=76bad9)](https://github.com/rootacite/Aether)

_🚀This is the client of the multimedia server Abyss, which can also be extended to other purposes🚀_

</div>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## Development background

- Operating System: Voidraw OS v1.1 (based on Ubuntu) or any compatible Linux distribution.
- IDE: Android Studio 2025.1
- Language: Kotlin
- Framework: Jetpack Compose

## TODO List

### High Priority
- [x] Fix tablet full-screen mode bug
- [x] Hide private key after user input
- [x] Optimize API call logic, do not create crashes
- [ ] Replace Android robot icon with custom design
- [ ] Configure server baseURL in client settings
- [ ] Implement proper access control for directory queries

### Medium Priority
- [ ] Increase minHeight for video playback
- [ ] Add top bar with title and back button in full-screen mode
- [ ] Optimize data transfer system
- [ ] Improve manga/comic page display

### Future
- [ ] (Prospective) Implement search functionality

Commit message:

[fix] Fixed the issue of freezing when entering the client without configuring the private key

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Aether (Client for Abyss)

[![Plugin Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Alpha-v0.1-red.svg?style=for-the-badge&color=76bad9)](https://github.com/rootacite/Aether)

_🚀This is the client of the multimedia server Abyss, which can also be extended to other purposes🚀_

</div>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## Development background

- Operating System: Voidraw OS v1.1 (based on Ubuntu) or any compatible Linux distribution.
- IDE: Android Studio 2025.1
- Language: Kotlin
- Framework: Jetpack Compose

## TODO List

### High Priority
- [x] Fix tablet full-screen mode bug
- [x] Hide private key after user input
- [x] Optimize API call logic, do not create crashes
- [x] Fix the issue of freezing when entering the client without configuring the private key
- [ ] Replace Android robot icon with custom design
- [ ] Configure server baseURL in client settings
- [ ] Implement proper access control for directory queries

### Medium Priority
- [ ] Increase minHeight for video playback
- [ ] Add top bar with title and back button in full-screen mode
- [ ] Optimize data transfer system
- [ ] Improve manga/comic page display

### Future
- [ ] (Prospective) Implement search functionality
